Adobe End User Minimum Terms

The following terms (“Terms”) between you  and Adobe Inc. (“Adobe”) apply to  your use of the certain Adobe products (“Adobe Products”) that are included in the [CLO6.0 (and later versions as applicable) and/or MarveleousDesigner10 (and later versions as applicable)] (“Licensed Products”). For the purpose of the Adobe End User Minimum Terms, Adobe Products shall mean the SDK and the Substance Engine. For clarity, the Substance Assets provided in the frame of the Combined Product(s) shall be governed and comply with the general and specific terms and conditions available here: https://www.substance3d.com/legal/general-terms-conditions/.
 
1.	License. 
1.1	License Grant. Subject to your  compliance with these Terms, Adobe grants  you, during the term of your license to the Licensed Product, a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to access and use the Adobe Products solely as integrated into the Licensed Products for your internal business purposes, and not for further distribution. 
1.2	License Restrictions. 
(A)	No Modifications or Reverse Engineering.  You will not, and will not assist or permit any third party to (1) modify, port, adapt, translate or create derivative works of any portion of any Adobe Products, or (2) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of any portion of any Adobe Products. 

(B)	No Interference.  You will not (1) remove any “About” or “Info” screens or pages in the Adobe Products or  interfere with the functionality or appearance of any Adobe Products or any component thereof; (2) circumvent or attempt to circumvent any technical measures incorporated into the Adobe Products for the purposes of restricting their use to the purposes set forth in this Agreement; or (3) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary or restrictive notices affixed to or contained in the Adobe Products. 

(C) 	Malware. You  will not take any action that exposes any part of the Adobe Products to any malicious or harmful code, viruses, Trojan Horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other malware intended to cause destruction or disruption.

(D)	Compliance with Laws. You will use the Adobe Products in compliance with all applicable laws. 

(E) 	No Sublicensing. You are   not permitted to (1) rent, lease, lend, sell, encumber, distribute or sublicense or grant other rights in the Adobe Products to a third party, including rights on a membership or subscription basis; or (2) provide use of the Adobe Products in a computer service business, third party outsourcing facility or service, service bureau arrangement, network, or time-sharing basis. 
 (F) 	Open Source Software. You will not merge, integrate, or use the Adobe Products, or any portion thereof, with any software that is subject to license terms that require any Adobe intellectual property to be licensed to or otherwise shared with any third party (for example only, GPL license terms). 

2.  	Adobe Intellectual Property. Adobe remains the sole owner of all right, title, and interest in the Adobe Products. Except as stated in these Terms, Adobe does not grant you any rights to patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, or any other rights in the Adobe Products. Adobe reserves all rights not granted under the Terms.  

3.	 Warranty Disclaimer. THE ADOBE PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED TO YOU “AS-IS.” TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ADOBE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ADOBE FURTHER DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY THAT (A) THE ADOBE PRODUCTS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR WILL BE CONSTANTLY AVAILABLE, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (B) THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE ADOBE PRODUCTS WILL BE EFFECTIVE, ACCURATE, OR RELIABLE; (C) THE QUALITY OF THE ADOBE PRODUCTS WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; OR (D) ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS IN THE ADOBE PRODUCTS WILL BE CORRECTED.
 
 4. 	Limitation of Liability. Adobe is not liable to you or anyone else for any special, incidental, indirect, consequential, moral, exemplary or punitive damages whatsoever, regardless of cause, including losses and damages (1) resulting from loss of use, data, reputation, revenue, or profits; (2) based on any theory of liability, including breach of contract or warranty, negligence, or other tortious action; or (3) arising out of or in connection with your use of or access to the Adobe Products. Adobe’s total liability in any matter arising out of or related to these Terms is limited to US $100. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in these Terms limits or excludes Adobe’s liability for gross negligence, intentional misconduct of Adobe or its employees, death, or personal injury. 
The limitations and exclusions in this section 4 (Limitation of Liability) apply to the maximum extent permitted by law even if (1) a remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose; or (2) Adobe knew or should have known about the possibility of damages. 
5. 	General Provisions. 

5.1	Assignment. You may not assign or otherwise transfer these Terms, in whole or in part, without Adobe’s prior written consent, and any such attempt will be void. 

5.2 	Severability. If any provision in these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining terms will continue in full force and effect. 

5.3	Entire Agreement. These Terms contain the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter and supersedes all earlier agreements, understandings, proposals, discussions, negotiations, representations and warranties, both written and oral, regarding the subject matter.

5.4	Governing Law. These Terms are governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to any conflict of law rules or principles, and excluding the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. The Parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of competent jurisdiction in the County of Santa Clara, State of California, provided however, Adobe will have the right to pursue claims against you in any other jurisdiction worldwide to enforce its rights under this Agreement or to enforce its intellectual property rights.

5.5	Trade Rules. You acknowledge that the Adobe Products may be subject to the trade control laws and regulations of the United States and other national governments, and you will comply with them.
5.6.        U.S. Government Licensing. For US Government end users: you acknowledge that the Adobe Products are  “Commercial Item(s),” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. section 2.101, consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation,” as the terms are used in 48 C.F.R. section 12.212 or 48 C.F.R. section 227.7202, as applicable. You agree, consistent with 48 C.F.R. section 12.212 or 48 C.F.R. sections 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (1) only as Commercial Items; and (2) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. 
